AV-45749: Update sample queries (#35)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/guides/partials/data-warning.adoc

// tag::page[]
WARNING: Please note that the examples on this page will alter the data in your sample dataset.
To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.

> Refer to xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
```

// end::page[]

// tag::section[]
WARNING: Please note that the examples in this section will alter the data in your sample dataset.
To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.

> Refer to xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
```

// end::section[]

// tag::example[]
WARNING: Please note that the following example will alter the data in your sample dataset.
To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.

> Refer to xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
```

> // tag::page[]
> WARNING: Please note that the examples on this page will alter the data in your sample dataset.
> To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.
> For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
> // end::page[]
> 
> // tag::section[]
> WARNING: Please note that the examples in this section will alter the data in your sample dataset.
> To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.
> For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
> // end::section[]
> 
> // tag::example[]
> WARNING: Please note that the following example will alter the data in your sample dataset.
> To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.
> For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
> // end::example[]

Reviewer 2: All the pages which include this partial only ever include the "page" warning. Adding the alternative warnings may be useful in future but it's unnecessary at the moment. If we need to, we can deal with it in a later issue, which would also be easier to port to other branches.

```suggestion
WARNING: Please note that the examples on this page will alter the data in your sample dataset.
To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the samples scope.
For more information about how to restore your sample data, see xref:clusters:data-service/import-data-documents.adoc[].
```

Author: Reverting this change. Noticed that incudes in other modules (n1ql and reference) use other sections in this partial which is bad practice.

Author: Just pushed fixes on 3 occurrences which were broken, will leave this in guides for now.
